Previously on
"Sons of Anarchy"...
Hey, I was just showing
the guys around.
Jackie boy,
this place is fantastic!
I'm so excited.
This thing with Gemma--
is it going anywhere?
I don't know.
I've got a gun,
and I'm calling 911!
[screaming, gunfire]
Shit.
These break-ins were supposed
to put pressure on Jax,
not a homicide
investigation on me.
And what happens
with our deal?
We get you back
at the head of the table,
and we get a piece
of your end.
Guns, drugs, all of it.
Shit!
Unser just called.
Greg and Gogo
tried to kill him.
- What about Frankie?
- Wasn't there.
You're using the Nomads
to undermine my leadership.
You got every right to assume
that I'd be the one
setting fire to your table.
I would be willing to bet
the guy doing this is Pope.
None of these attacks
are coming out of my camp.
I was wondering if you
could watch the boys.
Yeah, okay.
I'm trusting you'll be
safe with them, Gemma.
Yeah.
[tires screeching]
- [truck horn blaring]
- Shit!
[Thomas crying]
[chainsaw buzzing]
[police radio chatter]
[paramedics, indistinct]
Ma'am?
[groaning]
Ma'am,
can you hear me?
You've been
in a car accident,
and I need you
to stay calm
and hold still
so we can help you.
[moaning]
What's your name?
Ma'am, can you
tell me your name?
Abel!
Oh, my... Oh, my God!
[sobbing]
My baby!
- All right, Tiggy.
- Ready?
Yeah, yeah.
- You got it?
All right.
[grunt]
Shit.
Bobby's on his way.
Tig:
Back to the cabin?
Yeah.
I'll drive Tara.
Okay. What are you
gonna tell her?
I'm gonna tell her
there's a dead black guy
in the back of her car.
Yeah, uh...
[doorknob rattles]
Get out of here, Juice.
No more questions.
Someone went after Jax.
Tried to blow him
and Chibs off the road.
Shit.
They okay?
Yeah.
That ain't all, Clay.
St. Thomas just called.
Gemma got in an accident.
How did they know
where to find you?
Did they follow you?
I don't know.
They were probably trailing us
from the clubhouse.
Jesus.
Was it Frankie?
I'm not sure.
If the other Nomads
went after Unser...
We'll find out.
These were other
members, Jax.
SAMCRO.
This isn't
supposed to happen.
I know.
Hey.
I need you
to stay in here.
Why?
We got to take care
of this guy.
Oh... Christ.
[R&B music playing]
How's she doing?
She'll be fine.
Couple of prison tats.
Black Nation. That's it.
How do you want
to do this, boss?
Pieces?
Wrap him for a hole?
Other one.
Take one to Unser,
have him I.D.
the prints.
I want affiliations, who he
works for, everything.
Who's the other one for?
Damon Pope.
Same request.
Why Pope?
Because if he hired him, he'll
probably lie about who he is.
I'm tired of watching my back.
We have to go.
What happened?
It's my babies.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
Jesus.
How long does this take?
They run the wire through
his leg, up to his heart.
It's gonna be okay, baby.
Like this kid hasn't been
through enough shit.
This is on Gemma.
Yeah.
If she was drunk or high,
I swear to God, Jax...
I know.
[moaning softly]
You're at St. Thomas'.
The boys...
They're fine.
Abel...
Abel, he was bleeding.
He's gonna be okay.
Just a cut on the head.
Oh, my God.
What happened, Gem?
[sobbing]
[elevator bell dings]
All right, Abel's heartbeat
went irregular.
They got to do a thing
to reverse it.
Oh, shit, man.
That poor kid.
- Yeah.
- How's the baby?
Tommy boy-- he's golden.
He didn't get a scratch.
Gemma's banged up,
but she's gonna be okay.
- How about you guys?
- Fine.
We know
who the shooter is?
Jax is gonna bring
everybody up to speed.
- Just stay available.
- Yeah.
[monitor beeping steadily]
[footsteps, baby coos]
I fed him.
Put on a fresh diaper.
Thank you.
Abel did great.
His heartbeat is stable.
Keeping him here a couple days
is just a precaution.
I appreciate that.
Let me know
if you need anything.
Is my mother awake?
I'm not sure.
I'll find out.
Thank you.
Bobby: Jax.
Unser's here.
He's got some info.
It was an easy trace.
Charles Turner.
Been inside more than out.
Armed robbery, assault,
domestic violence.
What about
his affiliations?
Nothing on the outside.
Black Nation in Chino.
He just got out
two months ago.
No ties to Pope?
Ain't from Oakland.
San Diego,
Long Beach.
Okay. Thanks.
Hey, next time,
few fingerprints
on a glass will suffice.
Jax? Gemma's awake.
Okay, thanks.
[phone rings]
This ain't gonna be good.
No, it ain't.
Let me know
if you need anything.
What happened?
Were you drunk?
Guys in a van
came after her.
Ran her off the road,
just like you.
Jesus Christ.
Did you
get a look at them?
No. Happened, uh,
happened really fast.
Van just came
out of nowhere.
Oh, my God.
I'm sorry, Mom.
Are my babies okay?
Yeah. They're fine.
This is my fault.
Oh, no.
No, I-I'm okay, sweetheart.
You just go take care
of business, all right?
Only one guy we know
gets off on dead kids.
Yeah.
Pope, and he wants to meet.
Train yard.
Tiggy,
you need to stay here.
I'll grab Hap.
You keep an eye
on my family.
Always.
I didn't know
what else to do.
I can't have him
hating you, too.
Sheriff.
The club
owes you an apology.
For killing my wife?
For being careless,
vetting new members.
They were white,
racist, and violent.
That fits all
the requirements, right?
What do you need from us?
Detectives will want to talk
to you all about the Nomads.
And they'll need any records
that you have on them.
Well,
they ain't gonna be much.
They were only
in the charter a heartbeat.
I'll pull what we have.
Ortiz, let me
see you for a minute.
Why?
Now.
Man.
So where's
Frankie Diamonds?
We got no idea.
Is he the one
calling the shots?
I don't know, man.
Well, then find out.
Who do you think I am,
dude?
I don't know shit, man.
[door opens]
Woman:
Get him over to X-ray.
You seem
a little nervous.
I bet you
Clay's real curious
about our private little
conversation right here,
our blood bond we share.
You're gonna get me killed.
That concern left me
when I watched my wife die.
Let's go.
My company just closed the deal
with the city on this property.
Five years from now,
this will be
affordable housing,
multi-family units.
Retail...
park...
BART station.
Where do they put
your bronze statue?
[Damon laughs]
Someplace where no one
can chop the hands off.
I'll chalk that off to a
decision made under duress.
Don't test me again.
He was black. What the hell
was I supposed to think?
That someone
wants you dead
and hired a black guy
to do it.
Unemployment's
crushing the hood.
Brothers need work.
Well, you were right.
Huh?
Attacks
are coming from inside.
But how do I know the orders
aren't coming from you?
The hand belonged
to Charles Turner.
Tyler has the intel
on his known associates.
I assume one of them
will be the second shooter.
Maybe they'll provide
the truth you need.
Look, man, if I got a member
trying to take me out,
I got to cross
everyone else off the list
before I go there.
Understood. Betrayal's
an awful thing.
Maybe I should get me
one of them goon squads.
Stay close, Jax.
You won't need one.
So what you know
about Turner?
He ain't local.
Got a brother-in-law
lives on the six-six.
That's it.
All right, let's go.
Gemma: Thank you.
Sure.
[knocking on door]
Can you give us a minute,
friend?
Okeydokey.
- Thanks.
- All right.
What happened there?
Chinese cut 'em off
because he couldn't stop
playing with himself.
See, I should've
put that together.
I'm sorry
this happened to you.
Hey,
it's gonna be all right.
What?
I was stoned
driving those kids.
I thought I'd be okay.
I drive high all the time.
And I-I didn't want to miss
my chance to be with them.
I hear you.
It's okay, baby.
It's okay.
No, it's not.
Clay lied for me.
Told Jax someone ran me
off the road.
I let him believe it.
Jax and Tara are never gonna
forgive me if they find out.
That'll come back, Gemma.
You know
how that shit works.
You gotta
get in front of it.
You tell 'em the truth.
- Tell 'em the truth.
- [knocking on door]
Um, Clay's coming.
I thought maybe
I should tell you that.
I need to step out.
My bowels get very loose
in situations like this.
Well, on that note...
I'll check in on you.
Yeah. Thanks.
I'll walk you out.
Whatever it was
between you and my wife,
it's over.
Well, maybe we should
let her make that call.
I know you and Jax are tight
and the club appreciates
your pussy salvation,
but make no mistake.
You get in my way with Gemma,
I'll kill ya.
Don't worry, mano.
I don't make mistakes.
Not like you.
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey ♪
♪ We put 'em down
and break 'em off ♪
♪ Hey, dawg,
is you with me here? ♪
♪ Got to break a rock...
♪♪ [continues]
That van looks familiar.
Aye, but which brother
was driving it?
Let's find out.
Hey.
Guess it's him.
Hey, clear this place out.
♪ Rapper Z, where I'm bein'
is limo-T'ing ♪
♪ I'ma steal 7C ♪
♪ And took the load off SOB ♪
♪ All the coke
that I sold ♪
♪ All the lies that I told ♪
♪ All the money
that I owed ♪
♪ Make my heart sound cold ♪
[three gunshots]
♪♪ [rapping continues]
Shoot at it!
Ray, there's nowhere
left to go!
That's a bad idea, Ray.
Look, I didn't know
what the job was, man.
I was just helping Charlie.
I get it, bro.
A gig's a gig.
Yeah.
Why was Charlie
trying to kill us?
Just him.
A guy we knew in Chino,
Frankie Diamonds,
he hired us.
Gave Charlie
his custom chopper,
worth like 75K.
Why'd you go after
my mom and kids?
We didn't go
after your family.
I don't even know you, man.
That wasn't us.
So, Frankie
hires a black guy,
makes it
look like Pope.
That greaseball is
smarter than he looks.
What do we do with him?
Come here.
[silenced gunshot]
Oh, shit.
Please...
Shit. Please.
Aw--
♪♪ [rapping continues]
Hey, what are you
doing here?
I hate hospitals.
[Juice chuckles]
Yeah, I get that.
[sigh]
All I have is dues payments
for the Nomads.
Think that's cool
with Roosevelt?
Yeah. This stuff
won't tell 'em shit.
Anything
you need to tell me?
About Roosevelt?
No. Why?
Well, he's been pressing
you pretty hard
since we got
out of Stockton.
Yeah, I guess.
Why just you?
I don't know.
I think you do.
He's just
an asshole cop, man.
What's he know, Juice?
Nothing.
- Come on, Clay.
- Don't lie to me.
- I'm not.
- Hey.
You can tell me
the truth, son.
Please, Clay, I can't.
You got no choice.
Tell me, Juice.
My father...
he's black.
Eli found out.
He tried to get me
to work with the Feds.
Why?
For what?
There's a RICO case.
Otto flipped.
Gave them past crimes.
Eli threatened me.
The Feds want the Irish
and the cartel.
He said that if I
gave him some evidence
that he would spare
the club.
Jesus Christ.
What did you do?
I stole that brick of coke.
Miles caught me doing it.
But I panicked.
We fought.
He came at me with a knife.
The RICO case went away?
I guess they couldn't
make it, the Feds.
They cut me loose.
I'm not sure about Otto.
I sent the Nomads
to the trailer.
Unser took down Gogo.
I killed Greg.
What happens now?
Well, you take this bullshit
intel to the sheriff,
and I catch up
on some paperwork.
Clay, I didn't...
Listen to me.
Everybody at that table's
done something
that puts them
outside the reaper.
Self-disclosure
kills the group.
Now, what we just shared here
makes us even-- honest.
We're connected.
Nobody else needs to know.
That's how it works.
Hey.
They released you?
Yeah, pretty soon.
How you feeling?
Little sore.
I'm okay.
Jax told me
what happened.
Yeah.
Thank you...
for keeping them safe.
I hit a goddamn tree.
I'm so glad it was you
behind the wheel.
It could've been
so much worse.
Hey.
You doing okay?
Yeah.
Where you been?
Looking for the guy
who tried to kill
both of you.
Any luck?
We're still
putting it together.
Do you remember anything
from last night?
Make or model of the van?
No.
Color?
Dark.
Brown, maybe.
[phone ringing]
Don't worry.
We'll find this guy.
Yeah,
what's going on, ese?
Can I see Abel?
Of course.
Anyone home?
Nero:
Back here, mano.
- Guns and knives.
- Jesus Christ.
Drop your clips.
Slide 'em across the floor.
- Now!
- Okay!
These two have got
nothing to do with--
Shut up and get
on your knees!
Put your hands
behind your heads!
Come on, Frankie,
what the hell is this?
What do you think?
I want money!
I know you got cartel cash
in the chapel safe.
We ain't a bank, Frankie.
Drug money comes
from the Mayans.
Cash from the guns goes
straight to the Irish.
I don't give a shit
where you get it.
I need 200 grand,
or I kill Ope's whore.
I got that. I got that.
In my studio,
there's about 130 cash,
couple of good watches.
You want that?
Yeah.
Just take that gun
out of her mouth, okay?
All right, Elvis,
get up off your fat ass
and go get it-- move!
You try anything,
I'll kill 'em both.
Nero: The safe
is in my closet.
10-19-03.
How do you think
this ends, Frankie?
This wasn't my idea, kid.
Clay promised us shit
he couldn't deliver.
You're telling me Clay
was behind the break-ins?
Come on, Jax,
you know he'd do anything
to get the gavel back
and his cash points.
He'd sign off on you going
after me and my family?
I never went
after your family.
Someone went after Gemma
and my kids last night!
Now, why the hell
would I do that?
'Cause you're a greasy
scumbag animal!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
On the table.
Get back on your knees.
Is that your truck out back?
Yeah, homes.
Here. The key's in my pocket.
Get the keys.
Get up, Scotty.
- Frankie...
- Get back, Jax!
- Get back!
- Jackie.
You're driving.
Let's go.
All right.
You come after me,
I'll kill him.
You're making a mistake.
- Aah!
- Jesus Christ!
[all shouting, Lyla gasping]
- Oh, Jesus!
- All right.
Is he gonna kill Chibs?
No, he'll-- he'll probably
just let him out
when he gets far enough away.
I got a doctor on the way.
He's a client. We're fine.
[Lyla grunts]
You remember
what you promised?
I know.
I'm sorry this shit
landed here.
We ain't even open yet,
and I got an employee
with a bullet in her leg.
I know.
I'm gonna handle it.
How you gonna handle it,
more bullets?
Come on, man,
it's a club problem.
No, no, it's--
it's your problem.
And now it's my problem.
That's the way this whole
partner thing works, man.
I get it.
And I'm telling you,
it's not gonna happen
again. Okay?
But we both know
that's a lie, right?
So, what you saying, man?
- You want out?
- Yeah, I do.
That's why we got
into this, remember?
You got a beautiful wife.
You got two healthy kids.
You need to accelerate
the endgame, Jax.
Get away from all the shit
that's trying to kill you.
I know.
I know
what I have to do.
And what
about the rest of them?
'Cause if Clay
set these guys in motion,
brother on brother,
shit, mano,
you ain't got no trust
to lean on.
I'm gonna get together
the cash we owe you.
What are you gonna do
about Gemma?
Now, that's not
your concern, Nero.
You got to be kidding me
with that shit, right?
After all this, I think
I earned a little concern.
Clay lied about her
being run off the road.
She wanted
to tell you the truth,
but she got caught up
in all that stuff
going on with Tara...
She almost killed my kids!
I'm not saying that she
didn't make a mistake,
but the lie, that was
because she was scared.
Yeah, she should be.
Really? Well, what are you
gonna do, Pres?
You gonna beat the shit
out of your mom?
Ain't that been done
enough by your family?
- You know what, bro?
- Hey, hey, hey, hey.
You want to be with Gemma?
Be my guest!
She's your problem now...
partner.
That's a good bud.
That's a good boy.
Could you
give us a minute?
Uh, sure.
I'll be in NICU.
- Okay.
- Thanks.
What's the matter,
baby?
I got some new information.
Are you gonna tell her,
or should I?
I love him so much, baby.
What happened?
No one tried
to run me off the road.
When you called last night,
I was getting high with Unser.
I thought
I'd be okay to drive.
I just didn't want to miss
my chance to be with them.
I'm sorry.
You're done.
You don't call...
see, or come near
my kids again.
- Tara, pl--
- Get out!
[Thomas crying]
[engine turns off]
Get out of the truck.
Get out.
I said get out!
Get out!
Move it.
Move!
Get on your knees.
Hey.
At least you can
look me in the eyes
before you kill me,
you Guinea coward.
[honks horn]
Shit!
[gunshot, air hissing]
[vehicle driving away]
Just tell 'em
about Frankie and Chibs.
[engines turn off]
What about Clay?
We don't know anything yet.
Not until we can prove it.
Until then, he can't know
we're onto him.
However this thing
unravels with Clay...
it's got to come
to the club.
I know.
Do you?
[vehicle approaches]
Just bring the guys
up to speed.
We gave your detectives
everything we had.
I heard.
How's your boy?
He's gonna be fine.
Wow, that's...
that's good.
You know,
Rita was pregnant.
Seven weeks in.
I don't even know if it was
gonna be a boy or a girl.
Oh, man.
I'm sorry.
The DNA
under her fingernails
was inconclusive,
so I can't tie
her death to the MC.
So that puts me
back at square one.
So anyone who knows
anything is either dead
or ain't talking.
We don't know
any more than you do.
Do you know
why Bobby Munson
was released
from Federal holding?
That RICO case fall apart?
What RICO case?
Bobby was inside
for Georgie Caruso.
Yeah, I get it.
You and Munson
gotta keep that secret.
Where is this headed?
That wasn't the only
RICO secret in SAMCRO.
There's somebody else
talking to the Feds,
giving them information
on the cartel.
You said
we should work together.
What do you want?
I want Frankie Diamonds
and anyone else responsible
for killing my wife
and my unborn child.
I know you will find him
before I will.
And if I do?
Give him to me, and I give
you the rat at your table.
[engine starts, truck departs]
Do you ever regret
coming back?
To Charming?
No.
Sometimes...
I wonder what would have
happened if I never left.
Yeah.
I think about that, too.
I think about
all those choices lately.
You want to tell me?
I'm pretty sure
Clay was the one
calling the shots
with the Nomads.
How do you know that?
We caught up
with Frankie.
Clay was using
the home invasions
to create a shitstorm,
hoping the noise
in and out of the club
would push me
out of my seat.
What do you do now?
I gotta prove it.
Let the club
make the call.
What call?
To cut him out
and kill him.
How do we do that?
I have a plan.
You may not like it.
[motorcycle approaching]
[engine shuts off]
I got calls in to everybody.
We're gonna find Frankie,
put this shit to bed.
I know.
What'd Pope have to say?
Gave us some good intel
on the second shooter.
Uh-huh.
My guess is
that Frankie hired black
to put us off the truth.
Got some facts straight.
Oh, yeah?
And what's that?
No one went after
Gemma or my kids.
I know
why you lied for her.
I'd have done the same
thing to protect Tara.
Does Gemma know?
Yeah.
Tara's cut her out.
She's dead to my family.
Shit.
You're the only thing
she's got left.
She don't want me.
I'm worried about her,
Clay.
She's already on edge.
I'm not sure what happens
to her without family.
She's gonna need you.
[door closes]
[knocking, door opens]
Somebody
to see you, babe.
Nero:
We okay here?
Yeah.
I heard what you said.
Good.
Be civil.
I didn't feel
like going home.
[sigh]
You want to fix
the damage you've done?
Yes. Of course I do.
Then you need to prove to Tara
that you can be trusted.
I'm cold turkey, Jax.
No booze, no weed.
I'm serious.
It's not that easy.
Then how? Just tell me.
Clay was the one
that put the Nomads
in motion.
The home invasions,
attack on me and Chibs,
everything.
Oh, my God.
I need proof.
You're gonna get it
for me.
What are you talking about?
He'd do anything for you.
Let him in.
Get his trust.
You want me to spy on him?
I want you to be with him.
Sleep with him.
Make him feel like a king.
The dirty secrets
will start to flow
just like they always did.
What if I can't do that?
Then get used
to living in a brothel.
Because hookers and bangers
are gonna be your only family.